Update rate limit messaging (#2280)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/admin/application/general.mdx

## API Rate Limiting

> By default, requests to the Terraform Cloud API from a single user or IP address are [limited to 30 requests per second](/cloud-docs/api-docs#rate-limiting) to prevent abuse or hogging of resources. Since usage patterns may vary for a given instance, this can be updated to match local needs. A few endpoints have lower limits to prevent email spam attack vectors. If you receive a rate limited response, the limit will be reflected in the `x-ratelimit-limit` header once triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, requests to the Terraform Cloud API from a single user or IP address are [limited to 30 requests per second](/cloud-docs/api-docs#rate-limiting) to prevent abuse or hogging of resources. Since usage patterns may vary for a given instance, this can be updated to match local needs. A few endpoints have lower limits to prevent certain spam and abuse scenarios. If you receive a rate limited response, the limit will be reflected in the `x-ratelimit-limit` header once triggered.
```
